#summary This page logs changes in the SVN repository.
#labels Featured
===March 29th, 2007===
 * Fixed pass-by-reference issue (#5)
 * Fixed issue in updating the profile for users without administration level. Updating the profile removed the user from groups.
===March 20th, 2007===
 * Added support for group description.
 * Added feedback on Cancel.
 * Fixed cancel redirect while editing group members.
 * Improved naming and feedback messages.
 * Updated version to 1.0.
===March 5th, 2007===
 * Added a Cancel button in edit pages.
 * Added javascript delete confirmation.
 * Fixed Table name in updateGroup.
 * Fixed bug in hasPageAccessByCriteria that was not filtering edit privileges for groups.
 * Fixed groups display while editing a page (groups had checks when they should not have).
 * Fixed read access for read restricted pages to groups with write access. These groups can now read the pages. 
 * Improved explanation on how groups restriction works.
 * Improved feedback messages and title capitalization.
 * Removed deprecated method: "hasPageAccess($postID)".
 * Removed foreign Keys usage (Issue #2).
===February 26th, 2007===
 * Added ugGetRestrictedResources method.
 * Changed members update message to appear in the groups-members page instead of the current group page.
 * Changed ugSetGroupsAccess to return a value for success or failure.
 * Fixed ugHasAccess to work with users that are not authenticated.
 * Fixed bug when verifying if user has access if user is admin.
 * Improved comments.
===February 13th, 2007===
 * Fixed bug in ugHasAccess (table name was missing)
 * Added comments on top of each file indicating their function.
===February 5th, 2007===
 * Table headers according to wp2.1 styles
 * When no groups are available, a message is displayed insted of the table headers
 * Fixed groups display in user profile when the user does not belong to any groups
 * Edit Page screen now allows to set both edit and read access.
 * Groups order is always consistent
 * Updating a page/group access now returns to the respective global listing page
 * Group ID column removed from groups table in the backoffice
 * Fixed text stating that users without groups could access all pages (it is not what happens)
===January 25th, 2007===
 * Support for Wordpress 2.1
 * Wordpress 2.1 no longer needs a hack to filter pages from the back-office
 * Fixed bug in editing a group
 * Changed table creation statements (thanks to chris.hearn01)
 * Updated readMe to new version
===January 19th, 2007===
 * Fixed layout problem in the Users edit page in the Admin
 * Changed used variable to get user level (to a variable independent of the Wordpress tables prefix)